got 1985 Isuzu put diesel longbed 77,000
original miles to owner most of its life
in California and then I've had it here
in Georgia
original paint super glossy no rust only
imperfections are a little bit of light
scratches nice diamond plate toolbox
no rust at all where they typically rust
at the bed floor and the side walls this
one has none of that no rush to truckers
at all
got one little dent and barely even see
on the hood and some kind of stain other
than that all the paint
lawsy even on the roof all the glass is
perfect final floors no cracks just like
brand new - perfect
no crack seats getting kind of worn but
it is the original upholstery not busted
through anyway the back looks just like
a brand new one
engine compartment all wires hook we're
supposed to all vacuum lines no drips no
leaks rockers just have a little a
little bit of rock chips I see it under
the engine just perfect
air conditioning works power steering
works heater core doesn't leak
Osby goes through all the gears properly
headliners tight no sagging no rips no
discoloration door panels are all tight
no rips no stains no discoloration
under the bed liner floor looks just
like brand-new no rust anywhere on the
bed full